Changing `tests` to `data-tests` (#4592)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/dbt-python-snowpark.md

- Ensure that our source data is clean on ingestion before we start data modeling/transformation (aka avoid garbage in, garbage out problem).
- Make sure we don’t introduce bugs in the transformation code we wrote (stop ourselves from creating bad joins/fanouts).

> Testing in dbt comes in two flavors: [generic](/docs/build/data-tests#generic-tests) and [singular](/docs/build/data-tests#singular-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data testing in dbt comes in two implementation methods: [generic](/docs/build/data-tests#generic-tests) and [singular](/docs/build/data-tests#singular-tests).
```

> You define them in a test block (similar to a macro) and once defined, you can reference them by name in your `.yml` files (applying them to models, columns, sources, snapshots, and seeds).

Reviewer: We might want to add more explicit "data" test callouts to this page - we will not be supporting unit testing python models in our initial release.
